---
title: "Text dump 1"
date: 2022-08-28T05:29:25+05:30
categories: ["Text dump"]
---

A simple text dump

I have been watching better call saul for the past month.
It is really a good show slow pacing but intense weight in the scenes. I realised that Nacho Varga is Vaas from the game Far cry 3. So there are 2 villians in the far cry series in the same series. One being Michael Mando and the other Giancarlo esposito as Mr. Gus Fring

For the past few weeks its been difficult to cook, nah we never cooked anything other than tea maybe 2 times. Expenses might have gone up. Cash in my account is about 10K, it feels good to be so light. Reminiscing about money, i recently looked at my freelancer account and I got one gig to build a website. The guy was from australia and they are working with NFTs. Ihave built a website for them and waiting for their feedback.

One good thing I like about gus fring is that he is very professional and a neat man. Although obsessive I like his cleanliness and talking manners. Mike ehmertraut is another character kind of a anti hero. He does his job very flawlessly, and is an experienced veteran.

I personally have been feeling very good to be typing on this microsoft ergonomic keyboard. It makes me want to work for longer than befor. I can now touch type at a speed of about 60 wpm, which is not bad. I feel better to journal things with this keyboard instead of pen and paper now, since the speed is a lot more fast. Anyways, pen and paper has a different feel to it that produces a joy of its own.

Don Bolsa is now tracking Nacho.

Coming to clean code. The main thing that we want to do with clean code is that we should be able to maintain the code properly. If any thing is produces from a place of cleanliness, the products quality automatically increases. For example, if you have clean utensild, clean vegetables and clean kitchen, the experience of making the food and eating it later obviously becomes much better. Same way clean code improves the developer experience as well as aims to improve the quality of the product. Main things to know when writing clean code is that, you should follow the concentric circles of why how and what. Ah this is just me trying to relate things. The why is something like the business rules, for example if you are building a calculator, the why is like it makes calculations easier for humans. The business rules for this are the additions, subtraction ... and other mathematical operations, how will you do this is the use cases part. and what you will be doing this, this is like the presentation and interation layer with the user. How will the user actually interact with your calculator will it be a command line interface or will it be a GUI or an API endpoint.

One more observation regarding me is that some part wants me to do GATE once, and the other wants to supress this and just get good at the current skills, that is web development, domain modelling, automation and stuffs like that. I think that both are a worthy goal to strive towards, it is just that the skills part rewards a little better than GATE part, which I feel is internally driving me. But we need to practive the delayed gratification in order to have any good success or to overcome a challenge in life. The typing part was really good, now I am able to comfortably type this article which is a result of delayed gratification because it took me about month and a half to get to this speed and I was feeling a bit futile in the middle. One reason that I liked it was this keyboard because the other keyboards does not allow me to type for a long time comfortably but this does so I like it.

We are supposed to go through hardship in order to get the things easier. How to go through the hardships is that we want to have the capability of handling boredom. It is been a real bummer this internet for the past few days.
I want to have the ability to write the documents at the speed of my thought. I do not want to be lazy while thinking really and implementing things. One more thing I observed is that mind performs better if given some break. If we do one thing continuosly for too long the processing speed decreases in our brain, if given a bit of rest and tension released and come back to thinking of the problem it might give us a better solution. it is a classic tale of woodcutter with blunt axe. Take 15 minutes sharpening the axe and tasks become much easier. We need to investigate what are the tools to sharpen the mind actually. It really depends on what your work is. I think because woodcutter is cutting his wood so he is sharpening the blade and alsw what would help him is to strengthen his arms actually. Now if he strenghtend his legs instead I dont think it would be too much of a help for him.

So one of the things that challenges our mind in daily tasks is handling large amounts of text and reading actully, more than reading I would say comprehending. Because in order to understand the customer requirements and to gain knowledge on the domain, reading and comprehending fast are two key skills we need to perform better. Best way to sharpen these skills is to comprehend books and case studies. Actually freelancer helps us understand different kinds of domain, so let us spend 30 minutes a day solely dedicated to increasing the comprehension speed. Next key skill is to reason and explain precisely during conversation. 40% of the time in job goes in calls, having a better listening skill and responding to the question based on the knowledge of the opposing person is really what we have to improve. Because if the opposing person does not have a clue what you are saying the communication is bad and its your fault not the other persons. Go ahead and call aggressively, passivity breeds pestilence and complacency which leads to your demise. Be proactive and aggresive in helping out your team. Thats the only way to enjoy your job.
